## Hiding collections from consumers

At first sight, hiding the collection looks easy.
Let's make the `ICollection<Surfboard>` protected and expose a public `IEnumerable<Surfboard>` so we can still access the surfboards of a surfer.

The code changes from

```csharp
public virtual ICollection<Surfboard> Surfboards { get; private set; }
```

to

```csharp
protected virtual ICollection<Surfboard> SurfboardsStorage { get; private set; }

[Computed]
public IEnumerable<Surfboard> Surfboards { get { return SurfboardsStorage; } }
```

The collection not being public anymore, the only way to add surfboards to a surfer is to use the provided `AddSurfboard` method.
The business rule is now enforced, as we expect it to be.

## How to adapt to Entity Framework

If we try to build at this stage, we'll get a compile error in the mapping class for the `Surfer` class.
The `HasMany` method, which allows us to link a surfer with their surfboards, expects as its only parameter an expression that *points* to an `ICollection<TTarget>`.
This becomes an issue since the collection property is now `protected`, hence not accessible by the mapping class. The only public property we have is of type `IEnumerable<Surfboard>`, which doesn't satisfy Entity Framework.

The solution we chose lies in using [DelegateDecompiler](https://github.com/hazzik/DelegateDecompiler), a NuGet package that allows to "decompile a delegate or a method body to its lambda representation".

Since the body of our `Surfboards` property returns the `ICollection<Surfboard>` Entity Framework can map to, we can create an extension method that will decompile the lambda expression used in the mapping class (`x => x.Surfboards`) and *redirect* Entity Framework to the collection property. That extension method is in the `src\BarCamp.DDD\Extensions\EntityTypeConfigurationExtensions.cs` file. it is also worth noting that we have to decorate the property we want decompiled with the `Computed` attribute provided by DelegateDecompiler.