## Using computed properties

We've seen how DelegateDecompiler allows us to encapsulate collections.
Its capabilities also apply to computed properties.

Let's say we define the following property on the `Surfer` class:

```csharp
[Computed]
public string FullName { get { return string.Concat(FirstName, " ", LastName); } }
```

The next step would be to use that property in a LINQ query when using our Entity Framework context:

```csharp
var people = context
    .Surfers
    .Where(x => x.FullName.Contains("Taj") || x.FullName.Contains("Wilson"))
    .ToList();

people.ForEach(Console.WriteLine);
```

Running this piece of code would see Entity Framework throw an exception because it has no knowledge of that `FullName` property since it's not mapped.
The solution to be able to run that query is to instruct DelegateDecompiler to decompile the queyr in the expression tree before it si sent to SQL Server:

```csharp
var people = context
    .Surfers
    .Where(x => x.FullName.Contains("Taj") || x.FullName.Contains("Wilson"))
    .Decompile()
    .ToList();

people.ForEach(Console.WriteLine);
```

As for the collections, we need to decorate the `FullName` property with the `Computed` attribute for it to be picked up by DelegateDecompiler.
After being decompiled, the query will be:

```csharp
var people = context
    .Surfers
    .Where(x => string.Concat(x.FirstName, " ", x.LastName).Contains("Taj") || string.Concat(x.FirstName, " ", x.LastName).Contains("Wilson"))
    .Decompile()
    .ToList();

people.ForEach(Console.WriteLine);
```

Profiling the SQL query sent to SQL Server would confirm that.

## *Only* as powerful as Entity Framework

It is worth noting that using DelegateDecompiler doesn't change the internals of Entity Framework.
Most specifically, we have to remind that it does not augment the capabilities to translate LINQ queries to SQL statements.

It we had defined the `FullName` property with `string.Format`, which Entity Framework does not support, using DelegateDecompiler would still have seen EF trow an exception at runtime.